Now let's summarize this module with these key takeaways.
We first discussed how to avoid problems early to better
ensure your sprints run smoothly and are able to complete the
user stories you've committed to.
Nurture your product owner.
Do not neglect your product owner.
They may need some tender loving care at times.
They have a critical role of managing and prioritizing the backlog.
Help them in any way you can.
If they are successful, you will absolutely be successful as well.
Use slack for technical debt.
Slack is time set aside for unanticipated activities.
Basically, you are setting aside time in reserve.
It is likely best used to reduce your technical debt.
Use spikes for controlled tests or experiments to provide
information and to clarify any technical issues by setting aside
the complexities of the production code.
Spikes are small,
isolated experiments where you need to prove an
approach to seek additional information.
If you see several spikes coming up,
then set aside some additional slack to do those.
There could be many obstacles to your team's velocity,
such as sick time, vacation, people issues,
and turnover.
Try to minimize these as best as you can.
It is proven that teams that work consistently together
over time have more reliable velocities.
The second part of this module was about making mid-sprint corrections.
Don't be too stressed about doing this.
It will happen from time to time.
You will have problems and issues.
That is simply part of the app dev world,
and you might try solving a problem by using your slack time,
canceling a spike, and using that time or working a few more hours than normal.
As a last resort, you might need to reduce scope, that is remove a user story.
Handling a lost sprint.
This should be very rare, but if this happens,
your biggest challenge will be informing the product owner
and why that is the best course of action.
And also, shoring up any team morale issues in your review and retrospective.
Partially done work.
Don't let that partial code become technical debt.
That will only cause more trouble downstream,
so consider removing the partially completed stories from the code base unless,
of course, they will be part of the very next sprint.
Okay, in the next module,
we'll be summarizing the entire course and outlining all of the key takeaways. I'll see you there.